Mom?
Hello, is that mom?
No, what are you doing here, mom?
How about your mother?
My mom was taken by bad guys
Handsome dad, come and save me
Mom, look at what a bad guy looks like.
I saw the license plate number
Take it and check it out. Yes.
It's okay, we'll definitely find mom, right?
Who are you?
What do you want?
Baby, don't blame your brothers.
Brothers are also forced to do things with money
Hahaha
How dare you vomit?
You dare to retreat, don't come here
I really don't know how to live or die
Miss, we have the person you want
Tired of inspecting the goods?
Nice work.
It was agreed before that
I've transferred 3 million to your card
Miss is exquisite
Next time this happens, we'll be there
Hold on, I'm adding 10 million
I will let him die